update faqs (#9645)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-ai/dbt-ai-faqs.md

<Expandable alt_header="Does dbt Wizard store or use personal data?">

> dbt Wizard stores your conversation history, including prompts, responses, and query results returned during a session, so you can revisit past chats. Conversation history is retained for 90 days, and feedback submitted on a dbt Wizard conversation is retained for 400 days. You can delete your conversation history or feedback in the product at any time.

Author: ```suggestion
dbt Wizard stores your conversation history, including prompts, responses, and query results returned during a session, so you can revisit past chats. Conversation history is retained for 90 days, and feedback submitted on a dbt Wizard conversation is retained for 400 days. 

You can delete your conversation history or feedback in the product at any time.
```

> dbt Wizard stores your conversation history, including prompts, responses, and query results returned during a session, so you can revisit past chats. Conversation history is retained for 90 days, and feedback submitted on a dbt Wizard conversation is retained for 400 days. You can delete your conversation history or feedback in the product at any time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Constant name="wizard" /> stores your conversation history, including prompts, responses, and query results returned during a session, so you can revisit past chats. Conversation history is retained for 90 days, and feedback submitted on a <Constant name="wizard" /> conversation is retained for 400 days. You can delete your conversation history or feedback in the product at any time.
```

> You control the information you submit to dbt Wizard. dbt Labs does not use your prompts, conversation history, command results, or feedback to train AI models.

Reviewer: Hiya Mirna, 

Small styling nit, maybe there could a space between "You can delete your conversation history or feedback in the product at any time." and "You control the information...". On the preview, it appears as one paragraph

> You control the information you submit to dbt Wizard. dbt Labs does not use your prompts, conversation history, command results, or feedback to train AI models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You control the information you submit to <Constant name="wizard" />. dbt Labs does not use your prompts, conversation history, command results, or feedback to train AI models.
```

</Expandable>

<Expandable alt_header="Can dbt Wizard data be deleted upon client written request?">

> Yes. Conversation history is retained for 90 days by default, and feedback submitted on a dbt Wizard conversation is retained for 400 days. You can delete this information in the product at any time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes. Conversation history is retained for 90 days by default, and feedback submitted on a <Constant name="wizard" /> conversation is retained for 400 days. You can delete this information in the product at any time.
```

> If a client identifies personal or sensitive information uploaded to dbt Labs systems, that data can be deleted within 30 days of a written request.

Reviewer: Same styling suggestion as [here](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/9645#discussion_r3613446926). Also, there's a bit of a voice shift — the first part speaks to the reader ("You can delete this information..."), then it switches to third person ("If a client identifies...") which reads slightly awks.

Author: thanks Nat! i'm just going to leave it as is since this came from legal.
